README.md, before:


CRUD App structure. Techs: Next.Js, React - typescript, TailwindCSS, MongoDB.
It's a simple application for doing some team management.
The point of this app is to have the team dashboard with the usefull content displayed for each teamate (I choose some random things, like firstname / lastname/ birthday/ salary or if the teamate is available or not).
To this dashboard I attach a hideable form that could create a teamate and make it appear in the board.
Then at the end of the line, a trash icon for deleting and a pencil for editing will be avaible to the team manager.
Options:
search mode for easily look/filter teamate
a login page for admin (the one who can Create Read Update and Delete teamate)
Super Option:
a User full CRUD app with login to create a sort of task/todo list. and with an account dashboard.

Actual version => The front-end is globally functionnal, the polish will come later. The app is connected to mongoDB.
Todo:
-Connect form to MongoDB (partially done, missing the updateUser and deleteUser)
-Add tests (Jest/Vitest) for unit Testing.
-Add End to End test (Cypress/Playwright).
-Polish front-end (CrossBROWSER tests -- Problem detected on mozilla (Due to dark theme?))
-Deploy it and insert in portfolio.
-Develop the Options and Super Options.

Commit message:

End of Update implement + full Delete implement

README.md, after:


CRUD App structure. Techs: Next.Js, React - typescript, TailwindCSS, MongoDB.
It's a simple application for doing some team management.
The point of this app is to have the team dashboard with the usefull content displayed for each teamate (I choose some random things, like firstname / lastname/ birthday/ salary or if the teamate is available or not).
To this dashboard I attach a hideable form that could create a teamate and make it appear in the board.
Then at the end of the line, a trash icon for deleting and a pencil for editing will be avaible to the team manager.
Options:
search mode for easily look/filter teamate
a login page for admin (the one who can Create Read Update and Delete teamate)
Super Option:
a User full CRUD app with login to create a sort of task/todo list. and with an account dashboard.

Actual version => The front-end is globally functionnal, the polish will come later. 
The app is a full CRUD App.
Todo:
-Some back-end polishing for catching exeptions getting more controls on things.
  
-Polish front-end (CrossBROWSER tests -- Problem detected on mozilla (Due to dark theme?)).
  
-Deploy it and insert in portfolio.  
  
-Develop the Options and Super Options.
